i don't drink coffee except when i have
jet lag
which is all the time
this is uh master chef jet lag here
inviting you to subscribe to my new
channel
uh cooking with jet lag it's gonna be
great we're gonna do all kinds of uh
vegan baking
uh stir fries uh healthy oil free 100
oil free so look
seriously inadequate kitchens across the
world
how to cook with note with no equipment
right in every steak and airbnb is when
you
when you have jet lag but 100 oil free
so i'm not going to lie to you i don't
know like nina and randa's channel
it's mostly going to be a bunch of
excuses to mush up sweet potatoes and
eat them with this okay so i don't want
to mislead my audience
master chef jet lag watch out for it
this video is about vegan gains being
stupid
it is not about vegan gains being gay
or bisexual but i want to ask i want to
ask
what if corey mccarthy was a hot
chick instead of a hot dude okay i'm
willing to concede cory mccarthy as
attractive
depends on your type but sure there's no
doubt most of the attention he gets
because of his body and proportions and
even his face to some extent good good
bone structure what i want to say
the brain inside the bone structure
cory mccarthy is racist he had a white
supremacist
website which is mysteriously now
deleted his girlfriend had a white
supremacist radio show
and a book deal with a white supremacist
publisher
um it's not like reading between the
lines that he was racist racism was his
thing that's really the reason he was on
the internet he put a lot of effort into
it
he's not someone who's just incidentally
racist or in some situation of having an
emotional breakdown
however um the question would be
if corey mccarthy were a really
attractive female and let's say she was
also doing uh
exercise videos or health or weight loss
or something there are a lot of people
doing that
you would ask why does richard
keep making excuses for this female why
does he keep backing her up
when she is a bimbo when she is an
airhead when she is so stupid
and when she's even stupid about issues
specific issues
that richard finds fault with in others
that he is a harsh critic of
when other people state those issues so
cory mccarthy
he made a video recently about his views
on religion
about his experiences seeing demons with
the demonic possession and angelic
possession and
group prayer and faith healing
to call these these statements stupid
seems like an insult to stupid people
this guy is really really really stupid
and he's not just stupid on one issue
like racism it's not he can say well
he's made such a contribution to the
world intellectually under these other
headings or
well clearly richard respects him for
these other reasons
but he happens to be racist it's a shame
no he's stupid about everything and he
he's he's stupid about religion a
particular issue within religion and
atheism that we know richard
he he would excoriate he would be
incredibly harsh for this so why
what's your soft spot for this guy is it
is it that you have a crush on him for
real
how gay or how bisexual is
vegan gains is richard is that really
the factor here is that why this
bromance has gone on for years of
richard making excuses
that cory mccarthy is quote unquote not
racist
if you define racism so narrowly
that literally the leader of the kkk is
no longer right like you define racism
so narrowly so that it's only like when
people have a
compulsive psychiatric condition of
hatred overwhelming them
not when they have rationally stated
political views that they want to expel
all the blacks from
north america let me say that was that
was the main
plank of the political platform of corey
and tara mccarthy
was to expel all blacks all people of
african ancestry
from north america from canada united
states and they also wanted to expel
all of the arabs all the middle eastern
people
and tara mccarthy was asked on camera
would she apply this to richard would
she applies to vegan gains because
everyone in the audience knew that
tara and corey they were friends with
richard
and richard had appeared on her her
youtube channel in support of her
youtube channel
and her answer was yes and i took that
clip
and i sent it to richard back when we
were quote-unquote friends or frenemies
back when we communicated
and i know he saw it because he replied
back to me you know and his reply
indicated that he'd just seen it was a
bit stunned by it obviously
so richard you knew this you knew that
these people were not just racist
racist in general but that they were
racist against
you and that their critique is not
cultural
you grew up with english as your first
language in canada and it's not just
political
it's about race it's about dna and blood
for them
they are racist in the most explicit
ways possible and you don't agree with
them
but you keep supporting them why is
corey mccarthy
that seductive is he that hot i can say
the same thing to isaac to ask yourself
do you just have a crush on this dude
what is it
because you don't agree with him about
religion or politics under any other
heading but you keep making these
excuses
so again there are other questions to
ask here but look i've had
male friends who were bisexual i'm
really thinking of one guy in particular
but
i have had more than one and i have had
female friends
and girlfriends who were bisexual and
one of the things about bisexuals
especially if they're not necessarily
repressed bisexuals
well let's just say they're bisexuals
who are not getting as much sex as they
would want to have in life
i really saw how the bisexuals i knew in
my life would often be kind of
swayed by attract yeah
yeah you've seen this at that one party
a female friend of mine is bisexual and
i was
pointing out like you know if you just
look at the way she's moving around the
room at this cocktail party and how
she's influenced
you she doesn't really behave the way
heterosexual female does here
you know where there's a kind of
idealization
and somehow the erotic
impulse forms a basis for admiration and
an intellectual connection
that otherwise otherwise wouldn't be
there so yeah i mean it's not
obviously it's not that hard to relate
i'm completely heterosexual
it's not that hard for me to relate to
and for sure there was one guy
he really he was a male bisexual and he
really became kind of an obsessive
follower of mine and you know quoting me
verbatim and so you know
and i could see it wasn't the same as
wasn't the same as just a male friend a
heterosexual male friend who admired me
it was this really weird thing of of
having a crush and those things
so it exists all right guys okay so back
to the the fundamental title of this
video
which is not how gay is vegan gay it's
totally gay come on what do you think 10
out of 10
what do you think just come up the [ __ ]
have you seen this channel of course you
get what do you think
what is there even any debate about this
okay the question is how stupid is vegan
gains
on a scale of one to ten so this is kind
of mind-blowingly stupid to me
uh vegan gains writes in quote
oh [ __ ] isaac has talked with people who
you call racist i guess that makes
him racist period great video isil
so informative period subscribe period
right
so i reply you really seem to enjoy
commenting on videos you haven't watched
apparently just on the basis of the
title richard
this isn't even the first time you've
done this today not on my time zone at
least
within the first minute or two of this
video it's very clear that i'm reporting
conclusions i drew by talking to isaac
directly myself i'm not relying on
indirectly reported speech
i have directly discussed isaac's views
on race and iq with him
i've directly discussed his views of
cory mccarthy specifically
and a long list of issues in the history
of politics colonialism
economic and educational inequality etc
so again guys
just to say generally if a journalist
tells you that he discussed with tony
blair
tony blair's views on the iraq war
that is evidence if someone asked tony
blair
why did you start the iraq war when you
did that is
evidence people go to court including
police officers and journalists and say
yes
i talked to him this is what he
explained to me often without being able
to quote it verbatim
we had this conversation that is
evidence
my testimony my memory of discussing
this with them
is evidence and those conversations went
on for hours i don't remember how many
hours it adds up
but like on this specific specific issue
race and iq it was definitely more than
40 minutes and the first conversation
was more than 40 minutes
and we talked about it again later um
you know i know his views on this i know
what he has to say on this
and my point is i know why people call
him
racist as i'm about to say it below here
the rumors and allegations that he is
racist are not
baseless okay this is not an extreme or
unreasonable statement all right
i continue so this is me quoting myself
as you'll see on screen quote the video
refers to my repeated attempts to
positively encourage him
to state what his own views are in
contrast to rumors and allegations of
racism against them
and this is partly because i know for a
fact that these rumors and allegations
are not baseless but have their basis in
things he's said
repeatedly but perhaps in support of
views he no longer holds today
here is an example of exactly what i
said to him via facebook message and
encouraging him to resolve the issue
positively
not by insulting his critics but instead
by stating his own values or conclusions
so i'm going to show you guys what that
link leads to in just a second here
me talking to isaac i only quote myself
i don't quote isaac because i don't
uh violate his privacy people send me
private email
only under extreme circumstances am i
going to share private emails that are
sent to me
but i quote what i said to him not what
he said to me in reply
um likewise i just note me quoting vegan
gains here these are public comments
for everyone to see on my on my youtube
channel uh so i'm not quoting private
correspondence with vegan gains okay
here is the super intelligent response
from vegan gains
here we go you know vegan nutritional
science mastermind slash [ __ ]
vegan gains replies quote you are so
completely full of [ __ ] it's unreal
i watch your video and you are making a
clear
implication that isaac is a racist
because he has associated
himself with people like jf and corey
i also love how you link me to a blog
article titled
quote highlights of my latest attempt to
convince
ask yourself to be less racist yeah
you're not calling anyone racist ass
how how stupid do you have to be to get
to this point in the conversation and to
have watched my video and know my
position on this
and to think you're insulting me with
the back-handed sarcastic statement
yeah you're not calling anyone racist
eyes on i am calling isaac raises do you
think i'm unaware that i'm calling
icebergs i talked to him
i discussed with him his views on the
history of colonialism
uh scientific racism race and iq
his justification why he supports cory
mccarthy and sir corey mccarthy's form
of white supremacism and to the extent
that he does
because by the way it is to a limited
extent he doesn't he doesn't agree he
doesn't agree with cory on everything
i think everyone knows that uh you know
what his position is on very
controversial books
like um the bell curve uh you know
these specific claims for
pseudo-scientific racism and so on
basically what his opinion is about
black people that's really the big issue
here
for some reason it's not about jews it's
not about anti-semitism
for some reason this whole conversation
is mostly about vilifying black people
it's about vilifying people just like
you
richard and it's it's about vilifying
miscegenation white people and black
people
you specifically who's targeted by cory
mccarthy and by this whole discourse
that isaac himself
with it's very peculiar situation that
you're on the other side of this debate
uh richard but you don't see what you
don't want to see and this is a great
example you don't see
the very clear claim and what it is i'm
saying and why here yeah
i'm discussing the extent to which isaac
is racist and i think i've done that in
a really balanced
and reasonably sympathetic manner you're
about to see my sympathetic attempts
to invite isaac to reconsider his
position and to state positively
what his position is instead of
responding to allegations of racism
by insulting and ridiculing the people
who make the allegations lying about it
and doing obviously hypocritical things
like trying to redefine what racism is
to exculpate himself and to exculpate
his friends
to defend people like cory mccarthy j.f
garippi
and uh jack green who are
all not just racist overt
racist extremists and of different kinds
j.f garippi is a white supremacist
cory mccarthy is the right white
supremacist jack green is actually a
nazi
a and he openly supports adolf hitler
not even some other school of racism
specifically a a classical nazi
okay all right i continue my quotation
here
yeah you're not calling anyone racist
taizo
why the hell would isaac or anyone else
respond to your [ __ ] accusations
as if people owe you some kind of
response when you accuse them of being
racist
why don't you prove to us that you don't
have a sexual attraction to animals isil
can you make a video about how you
thought of a sexual attraction animals
just state what your own views are
in contrast to rumors and allegations
against you
oh yeah right that's a great comparison
so isaac fills up the whole internet
with his statement so for like let's
give it to one skip to one issue let's
just give it to one issue
to make this real simple so isaac has
stated
that he regards it as a scientific fact
that black people and white people
having children together that quote
unquote miscegenation
results in lower iq that's that's his
position
this is one example there are thousands
of them
and you're telling me it's it's
completely unreasonable
for people to to even have the rumor
that this guy is racist
this guy has come out and supported
overt
white supremacists i just named three of
them people who are actively trying to
organize and lead the white supremacist
movement like jfk rippey
jack green and corbin and there's just
no basis for the rumor if those are the
only two it was just the one point
that this guy has gone on record at
length and in depth
supporting scientific racism on race and
iq debates
and yes he is influenced by other
mainstream figures like sam harris
he's influenced by people who sit on the
fence and this stuff he's uh
sir i'm not gonna go through a list of
names there really is
a kind of pseudo-intellectual demi-mon
of white people with phds um
you know trying to give seemingly
respectable you know justifications for
scientific racism i know i know he's
influenced by this stuff
i don't think he reads it i don't think
he reads books ever
i think it is 100 based on verbal
interactions with people on discord
while he's playing video games which is
itself stupid
nevertheless no these rumors exist for a
real reason
it's not comparable to someone making up
an allegation against me
that i have a sexual attraction to
animals i find animals disgusting by the
way richard that's why i don't own any
of them
unlike you who feeds raw meat to your
dog you [ __ ] hypocrite
yeah you who you who cleans the anus of
your disabled rabbit
this other horrible pet care crap you
engage in
people can make up the rumor that you're
sexually fascinated with animals i don't
live with them i don't wipe their bums
i don't uh i don't make up excuses for
killing other animals killing cows
to feed them to my dogs i don't make any
of the ethical compromises you make
because you richard are a fake vegan and
you're you're making money off the
movement
so you know clap clap clap anyway so
here was my reply to that governor from
vegan gains
regarding quote so i'm quoting him back
you are so completely full of [ __ ]
that's unreal
uh you are making a clear implication
that isaac is racist because he
associated himself with people jeff and
corey
i reply richard i know you think of
yourself as highly intelligent
you are not i opened this video by
stating
very clearly that my opinion on this
matter is based on directly discussing
the issue with isaac
i have asked you richard your opinion
about living in toronto
i know what you think about it because
we spoke directly
back and forth i know isaac's opinion on
a long list of racial policy issues
already adam braided above because we
talked about it directly
and i heard his perspective and he heard
mine
no this argument does not rely on a link
to cory mccarthy
but his defense of cory mccarthy
claiming his
white supremacist program is quote
unquote not racist is indeed further
evidence
and you know this you have directly seen
the video yourself in which tara
explains that she would exile you from
canada because you are black
i sent you that link myself and you
replied to me after you watched it
so the other question here is
you know why didn't richard
discuss this stuff with uh with isaac
himself
so you know one of the i'm saying here
look the evidence is i thought
i know isaac's position because i
discussed it with him to someone saying
you say i debated it with him or i
challenged him on it
i asked him why he believes these things
and you know what his sources are what
he's read or what he's influenced by
so i know how about you richard and i i
said that i'm sorry it wasn't on screen
or i said they come and i can put up
before the screenshot i said to him look
i know this because i asked about it so
when we disappeared what about you
richard
i think you know less than i do because
you've never challenged
isaac on this you've never
cross-examined him on this so that's why
i know when you don't my source
information is not mysterious
stated really clearly within the first
two or three minutes of that that video
okay and i said further uh richard is it
really that difficult for you to
perceive yourself how extremely stupid
this kind of statement is
quote yeah you're not going when anyone
racist isil close quote
richard the overt point of this video
that everyone else seem to understand
but not you
is indeed to describe isaac as racist
and to explain my experience and try to
challenge his racism
to try to get him to recognize and
question his own ignorance and his own
negative attitude on these questions
but at this stage of the discussion
you're quote unquote insulting me by
saying
yeah you're not calling anyone racist
isil you've always been stupid richard
but this is really quite astoundingly
stupid as i said above there are rumors
and allegations that isaac is racist
quote and i know for a fact that these
rumors and allegations are not baseless
but have their basis in things he said
repeatedly
because i've heard them myself how is
this difficult for you to understand
okay guys i think this video has gone on
long enough i'm going to put on screen
here
what i will pardon me also provide you a
link to i did
say to isaac directly you can make a
positive effort on this i'll just put
the screenshots up on screen here
briefly and i won't read them out
i said look you can take the time to not
just
insult and denigrate and distract from
what your critics are saying when your
critics are racist you can come out and
make a positive statement what is it you
believe in
what is the future of democracy in
canada what is the future of black
people
and immigration and uh arabs and jews
and
white people all living together in one
multicultural society whatever your view
is whatever it is now
i have no reason to assume you still so
i mean i
it seems taking you a suspiciously long
time
to figure out just how racist cory
mccarthy is but whatever
you just it's a new year 2019 you
deleted all your own videos
why don't you come out and make a
positive statement about what your views
on
race and culture and society are and
then that
would resolve this issue that would give
you a positive basis to move forward
and it would let you bury the uh bad
karma from your recent past
but dude the bad karma is out there
links have already been shared quotes
have already been shown
this ain't something i'm making up to
quote old dirty bastard this ain't
something new
that came out of nowhere masterchef jet
lag
i'm out vegan gains
10 out of 10.